[Doc] ApplicationNamespaces and ExcludedNamespaces (#787)
elastic/apm-agent-dotnet: docs/configuration.asciidoc

[[config-stacktrace]]
=== Stacktrace configuration options
[float]

[[config-application-namespaces]]
==== `ApplicationNamespaces (added[1.5])`

Used to determine whether a stack trace frame is an in-app frame or a library frame. When defined, all namespaces that do not start with one of the values of this collection are ignored when determining error culprit.

> Multiple namespaces can be configured as a comma separated list. E.g.: `"MyAppA, MyAppB"`.

Reviewer: "e.g." is acceptable, but when it's the only part of the sentence, "for example" should be preferred.

```suggestion
Multiple namespaces can be configured as a comma separated list. For example: `"MyAppA, MyAppB"`.
```

This suppresses any configuration of `ExcludedNamespaces`.

[options="header"]
|============
| Default        | Type
| <empty string> | String
|============

[options="header"]
|============
| Environment variable name            | IConfiguration or Web.config key
| `ELASTIC_APM_APPLICATION_NAMESPACES` | `ElasticApm:ApplicationNamespaces`
|============

[float]
[[config-excluded-namespaces]]
==== `ExcludedNamespaces (added[1.5])`

A list of namespaces to exclude when reading an exception's StackTrace to determine the culprit.

> Namespaces are checked with `string.StartsWith()` so "System." matches all System namespaces

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Namespaces are checked with `string.StartsWith()`, so "System." matches all System namespaces.
```
